Speaker 1  0:00  
Okay, so when was the last time you visited an art gallery, and can you tell me about it?

Speaker 2  0:06  
It was last year, November, the NGV, um,

Unknown Speaker  0:13  
what comes to your mind

Speaker 2  0:15  
first, tell tell you about it. Yeah, anything. I think they had a wide selection of different, like, eras of art. I think they showed off a lot of different artists that I didn't know about, especially because I'm not in like an art background, but I have done some art subjects, and I saw a good mixture of people I did know and people I don't know. And yeah, I think art styles they showed off, like the different eras, were very distinct. They're very interesting. They showed off different techniques that, like I now, are more cognizant of. I know I did the audio tour as well. The audio tour was went in much more depth than I thought. It was, structured really well, and it flows really well with the gallery. Yeah, lot of open space for people to walk around, and the plaques gave a short but like, you know, descriptive summary of pieces, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:12  
What did you mean by in depth? In depth in relation to the music, the audio?

Unknown Speaker  1:18  
Oh, yeah,

Speaker 2  1:20  
they give a lot of more information than there was on the plaques. It felt like they did actually talk to at least the artists that were alive, or at least people who knew the artists to some capacity. They gave information that kind of had this human touch to it.

Speaker 1  1:39  
And what do you mean by human touch? What is human touch? To you?

Speaker 2  1:43  
A human touch it I mean in a world where, you know, AI is everywhere, it can feel like everything's really structured in a formal way, and like there's set like sentence structures that people always follow, that's always best practice, you know? But that human touch is more like it has a cadence to it, at least the person speaking in the audio track, how it was written. It felt like not info. I don't think informal was the right word for it, but it was more explain, organic. Organic, yeah, that's a good word for it. Organics are really good word for it. Yeah. It felt very more free form. It felt more personal. Yeah, yeah. I don't think I can put that into, like, any kind of metric right now, but what do you mean personal? Personal? Um, I guess it comes down to, like, the stories that they tell. And that's a hard question, but it comes back to being like, organic, yeah.

Speaker 1  2:53  
Did it take you back to your childhood or reminded you of somebody or something like that? Is what I meant by,

Speaker 2  2:58  
oh, I see that's a good question. Yeah, maybe not me personally, but I think they made it in a way that's like, empathetic they felt. Yeah, they touched on feelings that maybe people have felt before, or at least you can like. They set it up in a way that you can sympathize and like, go through those same emotions. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  3:21  
the human element. The human element, exactly,

Speaker 1  3:26  
yeah, that was my next question. Tell me about a time when you experienced some emotional connection during your visit in the gallery. Did you feel that emotional connection with something, or it could be an art piece, or maybe the space, I think you did mention about music, but

Unknown Speaker  3:44  
is there anything? It's a little

Speaker 2  3:46  
bit of both. Everything you've said, seeing an art piece is one thing, but knowing the story of what it means and the accompanying like music can make you feel certain emotions, especially when they give context to like,

Unknown Speaker  4:02  
if it was birthed from, like,

Speaker 2  4:07  
the art piece came from a place of, like, a personal connection from the artist, right? Whether it be, like trauma, it doesn't have to be as significant. But like, you know, like being in love, for example, yeah, I think that's yeah, especially because I was with my girlfriend at that time, yeah, which kind of, like, made the experience a bit more like, like, I could empathize, a bit more personal, personal. Exactly,

Speaker 1  4:33  
what was the best social experience that you remember having in an art gallery?

Speaker 2  4:39  
I think it's when you're aware of the other people around you in a bad way. Sometimes there are good interactions. Like you can see people like, or overhear people's like opinions of the art piece and like, actually like, interface with that. But there are other times where people since and the NGV is like, free entry, a lot of different people can come in and. Not necessarily people who are there and like they have mal intent, if that makes it or like, I wouldn't say malicious, but like, they're not there for the same reasons as you know, other people would be, or people who are there for the art.

Unknown Speaker  5:19  
Why are they there? What do you think

Speaker 2  5:21  
that is, some piece of pieces have, like, naked people, and they're just like, point in love, point in love, you know? I mean, okay, I feel like that's mostly teenagers, you know, and people who don't understand art as much or give it the attention or the level of you know, they don't take it seriously, which I don't, I'm not gonna force anyone to take seriously, right? Because art is about opinion.

Unknown Speaker  5:50  
But, yeah,

Speaker 1  5:52  
yeah, the depth of why it was made, they don't link it to that. They see it differently,

Speaker 2  5:56  
yeah? And because it's free, you know? Yeah, you kind of mix. It's a good and a bad thing. You like, have people who are interested but don't necessarily want to pay for it, yeah. But also you have those types of people who just come in to just like, yeah, yeah. It

Unknown Speaker  6:13  
makes sense. So

Speaker 1  6:16  
and the next question is the worst social experience? Oh, right, yeah. Does it link back to this? Or do you have something else the worst social experience that you

Speaker 2  6:25  
experienced? I haven't had too much experience, but yeah, probably the worst times are when people that aren't part of my group are involved in, like, making, yeah, basically making more noise, yeah, especially when you can't hear the audio track, yeah, or something like that. Yeah.

Speaker 1  6:45  
When was the last time you shared your opinion or experience on the artwork with someone?

Speaker 2  6:50  
It would be that November experience, because I was with my girlfriend at the time.

Speaker 1  6:56  
Yeah? And how did that make you feel connected? Connected?

Speaker 2  7:00  
Yeah, having, like, either a dialog or like, having someone to bounce off of, like, your opinions and like, realize different perspectives as well, not just your own.

Unknown Speaker  7:10  
Yeah, yeah, guys, hey, Alicia hasn't left. She did. I call them,

Speaker 1  7:28  
okay. How do you feel when you hear or see what other people think or feel about the same artwork you're looking at? Say that concern. So how do you feel when you see or hear what other people think or feel about the same artwork. There's an you overhear somebody talking about the same artwork that you've been Yeah, looking at it's like,

Speaker 2  7:52  
it's like a social bond, right? I feel like more connected and like it's like a shared experience, in a way, and each piece is a shared experience where you go through different types of emotions, different opinions, whether you disagree or not, yeah, but at the end of it, we understand each other in a way, and you can do that with everyone but people who like you respect The opinion of

Unknown Speaker  8:19  
like. It's, you know, it's good. Just a

Speaker 1  8:25  
minute. Okay, yeah, so where and how do you hear or see them as they and it's an art gallery, but anything in particular, you don't have to answer it. But I'm just asking, Where and how do you hear or see them? Is it? Do you overhear? Or do you hear the opinions or some shared experiences or collected data? They must have had something like that.

Speaker 2  8:51  
I think it's just a direct dialog. Yeah, right. But again, I mentioned like overhearing other people's but other than that, like, also the audio is, I guess, another source of perspective with from the artist perspective. Then my my girlfriend, has a bit more like artistic knowledge about, like paint strokes and like eras, and I have like, I guess I'm more fresh to the experience. So, like, I have my own set of understandings, not based on like artistic technique or the artist like framing. So my own interpretation completely devoid of both contexts, which makes it an interesting like interplay between, yeah, all three different types. Yeah,

Speaker 1  9:39  
if you could imagine any way for people to connect or share their emotions with each other in an art gallery? What would that look like? I think

Speaker 2  9:50  
XR is an interesting implementation, especially when if you can get, like, noise canceling, but you can like, make a group with. Your friends, and you can only hear each other, something like that, but you're still like, because it's XR, you can still see everything around you, yeah, but yeah, it might be interesting to have, like, a virtual room. It's like a copy of the current room you're in.

Unknown Speaker  10:17  
That's interesting, and maybe it gives you

Speaker 2  10:20  
like, there's a place for you to, like, zoom in on, like, you know that you can't necessarily, like, lean into, like, an artwork, right? Because you might, you can't touch it, but by zooming in, you can see a lot more, like, techniques and stuff more closely might be interesting.

Unknown Speaker  10:38  
Thank you for that. That's really insightful.

Unknown Speaker  10:42  
Thank you, Hetchy, you're.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
