Unknown 0:01
Hello, hi, I'm Prisha. Can you please introduce yourself?

Unknown 0:08
I'm Dr Naveen. I'm professor of civil engineering.

Unknown 0:15
Can you please tell me when was the last time you visited an art gallery, and what can you tell me about it,

Unknown 0:22
I visited Art Gallery around two years back, or three years back, I think, and that was at Guwahati. Okay,

Unknown 0:33
tell me about a time when you experienced some emotional connection during your visit in an art gallery.

Unknown 0:41
Actually, I first went and went to art gallery just to have a look on the the portrait that have been put over there. But slowly, slowly, I observed that the the artist has tried to represent her or his feeling about the society and all those things.

Unknown 0:59
What was the best and the worst social experience that you remember having in an art gallery

Unknown 1:05
there was the girls beautification depending upon the weather, because there was some portrait in which a girl was wearing different clothes in the month of summer, because there was, There was very hot. Sun was there, and in night, the dress changes. So basically, they want to represent the how the dressing sense feel when the weather is changing or the time is changing.

Unknown 1:32
So this was your best experience, right? Yes, and what would be your worst experience?

Unknown 1:39
Worst thing, I could understand some of the some of the portraits, but the artist was about to represent, but they want to represent on the portraits. Okay.

Unknown 1:50
When was the last time you shared your opinion or experience on the artwork with someone

Unknown 1:56
I never shared? Okay?

Unknown 1:59
How would you feel if you could share it with someone?

Unknown 2:03
Can you please repeat the question? How would you feel if

Unknown 2:05
you could share it with someone?

Unknown 2:09
Why should I share someone? Because I should know with who I am sharing.

Unknown 2:15
How do you feel when you hear or see what other people think and feel about the same artwork you are looking at, where and how do you hear or see them?

Unknown 2:28
Well, I love to discuss the same thing with them also. But if they are, if they under that, we can see the better. Whatever I am thinking, the same person also thinks the same direction.

Unknown 2:39
Okay, if you could imagine any way for people to connect and share emotions with each other in an art gallery, what could it

Unknown 2:50
be if the personification of any any portrait, can be a connect between the persons and expressing the our views in front of others can be a way of Connect.

Unknown 3:07
Okay, thank you so much. Dr Naveen Kwatra, thank you.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai