Unknown 0:02
Oh, okay, I will do the interview about how to enhance gallery experience. Okay, like, When is the last time you visited Art Gallery and tell me about the experience.

Unknown 0:14
The last time I went to an art gallery is last month with my families when we traveled to Sydney, we went to the Victoria art galleries.

Unknown 0:27
What's your experience about it?

Unknown 0:30
Okay? We were like, we were going through, like, all the free entrance exhibition and some of them is about, like, Chinese culture, like all the Asian cultures, like statues and glass and arts, and there's one of the Japanese exhibition as well, but that one is like, you need to pay that's why we didn't go. The overall experience was fine, but one of the big issue for the gallery is we have no idea when, where we should start. We went into the first level, and then we're confused. Like, how we get like, are we seeing all the galleries exhibitions in the first level? And when we can go upstairs, especially when we go upstairs, there's a lot of more exhibitions. We have no idea whether we see all of the exhibition or not.

Unknown 1:23
So can you tell me, like about a time, will you experience some emotional connection during your visit?

Unknown 1:31
Okay, emotional connection,

Unknown 1:34
yes. Will you visit in art gallery? Do

Unknown 1:43
box. I The first thing I'm remembering is exactly, in the Sydney Victoria art gallery, there was one painting about paint. So the name of the painting is paint, and you can see there's a lamp in the middle, and there's all of the like the wild black bird, and they are trying to eat the lamps kit, yeah. And the lamp was showing like a really painful face. And this is when I built connection. Like, this is the first thing I can think of. I built emotional connections through a picture. And the other thing is, there was one of the exhibition in Goma. There was a video about a weird woman who's doing like weird stretchings. And I start to feel like really uncomfortable, and I start to feel like negative emotions by just seeing those videos. Especially the woman wasn't doing anything harmful, but she was stretching her body in a weird position. Yes, this is two of the moment that I can think of. I have emotional connections.

Unknown 2:51
Okay, so what's the best social experience that you remember having in art gallery?

Unknown 3:02
I think this, I can think of two. The first one is exactly in Goma as well. They have, like a whole white houses, and they give you stickers. You need to put all the stickers, like the colorful stickers on the White Houses, so all of the visitors, they were provided with one sheet of the stickers, and they can do like. They can put the stickers literally anywhere, and then you can see like the White House turns into a colorful house by putting all of the stickers there. So this is one social things that I felt because you can actually interact with something in the art gallery. And the second thing I can think of is there was one art gallery in Melbourne that you can actually they have, like a sheet of, like the paper sketches of the whole museum, and then they provide some colorful pens and stuff and you can paint the sketches. So I guess the most socialized were social interactions. If you're mentioning that I felt was where I can actually interact with all the exhibitions

Unknown 4:21
in the galleries or in the museum.

Unknown 4:24
So how do you feel about the interactive setup in the art gallery?

Unknown 4:31
I think most of them are for kids that I realized there's literally less for adults, and some of them, like, mostly they're related to, like, for example, you have to wear a headphones, and then they will play a videos where you press a button, there's like, a sound feedback. So most of them are literally, I always say it's not really interactive. Basically, you it has some like visual feedbacks or auditory feedbacks, and that's all and there. And also, most of them are for kids. There's less for adults. And most of the times that those interactive space are crowded, you have to wait and

Unknown 5:27
yeah, I think that's it. Okay. So like, when was the last time you share your opinion or feedback on the artworks with someone else?

Unknown 5:36
This is, this is literally my last time, and my first time I'm sharing my opinions.

Unknown 5:42
I mean, the opinion about the artwork is, when you visit the art gallery, Oh, you look at the Okay, this is make me feel uncomfortable with someone else, when the last time you talk to others,

Unknown 5:54
okay, I will say it's still the last time that I went to the Sydney art galleries, because I was there with my families, and while we're watching all those exhibitions, we share opinions directly, like during our trip. When we looking at the exhibitions, we talk to each other like how good this is, and where I don't understand this and some of those talks. But those talks actually ended after we finish our trip, so as soon as we step out of the art museum, we stop talking about it. So you

Unknown 6:26
like to share your experience during the within the art gallery. Yes, okay, how do you feel like when you're here or see what other people think or feel about the same artworks you're looking at like and will, and how do you hear or see them? A part of me like, how do you feel about like, when you're here or see what other people think about the same other work

Unknown 6:51
that's interesting

Unknown 6:54
you meet other people is like, for example, someone

Unknown 6:58
who's going to the art gallery with me, or some random

Unknown 7:01
saying these little items. Sometimes you hear about your family, the feedback about the sometimes you might like wondering and someone is talking by or even like the comments the on the website.

Unknown 7:19
Well, I don't, I can't really think of any other comments that I was experiencing, apart from my family, apart from the This my friends or my friend, my friends or my family, who is going to the exhibition with me? Yeah. So I can't really hear anything, anybody else talking about this, because, first of all, most of the art gallery gallery, they are very quiet. You can't really hear anyone talking about one of the arts. And the second that, what I can think of is most of the times people are reading all those informations quietly. They don't really talk much. I think I'm the one who's talking all the times. What

Unknown 8:01
I mean, like, how do you feel? Okay, will you, like, listen, other people, different opinion,

Unknown 8:07
I feel that's interesting, especially for example, if one piece of art that I think is really interesting, but some of them, they don't think is interesting, or one of the art I think is really boring, but some of others, they might have different opinions, and they felt like, Okay, this is actually interesting. So all those different opinions actually helps me understanding more about the piece of art.

Unknown 8:33
Okay, so if you could imagine any way for people to connect or share emotions with each other in an art gallery, what would that be like? Okay,

Unknown 8:45
I can think of

Unknown 8:48
why I would want to,

Unknown 8:51
why I want to feel others. Emotion is mainly the author of the art, not others. For example, like I don't really care about what others think about in the art galleries, comparing to if I can share, if I can feel the emotions, or I can feel the feelings of the author of that piece of art, for example, I have the emotional connection with that kind of picture, So I want to understand more, what is the author's emotion, or what is the author thinking about when they create this piece of art? So if there could be one of the media or something like easy medias Comparing to, like just purely text based information that I have to read. So if there is some sort of different medias that can easily build connections with me and the author, that would be great. So can

Unknown 9:45
you list some example of the easily media?

Unknown 9:51
What I can feel is like all the sensory feedbacks. For example, you have the visual feedbacks, auditory feedback, haptic feedback. So if you can merge in a way, like all those feedbacks together, that would be amazing, because all of the interaction I can think of is only one or two of those. Either you sit down and listening to video, listening to music, or you sit down watching a video. But there's no haptic feedbacks. And if it can, if there is some, I can't think of any medias, but if there is some sort of media, then can that can merge all of the sensory feedbacks together that would be easier comparing to just seeing the text based information or just seeing the video or just listening to music.

Unknown 10:39
Yes, thank you. If that's helpful, yeah, do.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai