Unknown Speaker  0:01  
Okay, when was the last time you visited an art gallery? And can you tell me about it? I think last time was July. I think late July, that was Melbourne. I was visiting the gallery with my girlfriend. I think we went to saw some

Unknown Speaker  0:23  
artifacts, I mean, closings that was collected from

Unknown Speaker  0:29  
a model show whatever. I don't know what to call that means Yeah, but closing yes and,

Unknown Speaker  0:38  
and it's like one to one replica of those models who wore that before at the show and their clothes was like, put on to the one to one models of those models, yeah. So that was the last time I visited the lab, sorry, the gallery, the lab student,

Unknown Speaker  0:56  
yeah. I mean the gallery, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  1:00  
Tell me about a time when you experienced some emotional connection while you were visiting an art gallery,

Unknown Speaker  1:09  
okay, but not in that particular exhibition. That's okay. I think it's still in the Melbourne State Museum, sorry, the Victoria state museum, like we went, I think, downstairs to a different exhibition hall. There was a

Unknown Speaker  1:23  
exhibition,

Unknown Speaker  1:25  
I think, promoting the suffering the

Unknown Speaker  1:29  
Aboriginal people had gone through. So that's, that's moment that I felt. So, you know, I felt so much for the Aboriginal people because the gallery was using, I think it's illustrating, it doesn't, it didn't show you directly what and how they were suffering, but through some sort of very dark and suppressing, you know,

Unknown Speaker  1:53  
depressing

Unknown Speaker  1:56  
arts. All right, so where were we? Oh, yeah, the people exhibition, yes. So it was illustrating it through, I think, digital effects, visual effects of very like dark and depressing patterns. And I think it was created by those Aboriginal artists. So I mean, through those visuals and effects, I felt it.

Unknown Speaker  2:17  
You felt it, yeah, which was an arts was that? Audio, no visual, visual effects. Because, like, there were, like, hundreds, 1000s of hands, I think Aboriginal people's hands holding together. And there was, like, the dark patterns. I think there's Chang's and, you know,

Unknown Speaker  2:36  
I don't know what's that torch and stuff. I mean, the arrow, yeah, yeah, that the slave owners used to touch, I mean torture people. I mean those, those kind of things on top of the hands, and they were like, struggling, you know, to make fray, to gain their freedom. So that's, that's the part I felt there suffer, yeah. Okay, next questions, what's the best or worst social experience that you remember having in an art gallery. You can say both, if you remember, what do you mean by worth like, like, I felt really bad for them, or it's like, I just, I just don't like the arts or anything. It could be anything. But when you felt happy, I understand sort of best, but I enjoy in terms of, yeah, in terms of worst, is that because the the arts was so good to make me in a bad mood, or was it because it's just genuinely so bad that I don't found anything from it? It has to be related to the art gallery. It could be the people, or the experience that you have there all the artwork, or whatever. Maybe it was something about, you know, bad, as in, you didn't like it, or if maybe you feel bad for some reason, or something like that, maybe the people around were making noise, so you felt bad, something like that, anything, but within the art gallery, the best experiences,

Unknown Speaker  3:54  
I mean, yeah, I felt like the operational exhibition one was quite impressive, and I'm really impressed how they were able to illustrate

Unknown Speaker  4:04  
the sufferings of the general people through just simple visual effects. And, you know, it's a, I think it's a looping video, per se, but it's just so strong and stuff.

Unknown Speaker  4:17  
Yeah, that's that. And the worst one,

Unknown Speaker  4:22  
okay, I have,

Unknown Speaker  4:24  
yeah, so I remember I used to go to one of these modern arts galleries, which I just did not appreciate at all. Why I just don't understand what I tried to come away. I mean, for example, if I just spill over, like random colors and paints, paintings, and I call that an art, that's something I don't understand, like I can recreate. I mean something different, just spilling over all the different colors on a piece of white paper. And they just call it an art, and they made it a collection of the Museum of the gallery, which I don't.

Unknown Speaker  5:00  
The Other Side, I don't, I always don't appreciate that kind of arts. And it's it was full of it when I was building that gallery. So, yeah, okay, when was the last time you shared your opinion or and your experience on the artwork with someone? That was last last month when I was visiting the the state museum with my girlfriend. Yeah. How do you feel when you hear or see what other people think or feel about the same artwork you're looking at, as in, when you hear overhear them talking about the artwork that you're seeing as well. Is it different from what you feel, or is it same? Does it make you feel connected?

Unknown Speaker  5:37  
Of course, it makes me feel connected. I mean,

Unknown Speaker  5:41  
connected per se, that's like, I feel I'm not alone to think of this, right? I mean, there's someone else who's synchronizing with your thoughts. Yeah, definitely. It makes me feel connected. Yeah, if you could imagine any way for people to connect and share emotions with each other in an art gallery, what would that be like?

Unknown Speaker  6:01  
I i

Unknown Speaker  6:07  
Does it have to be happening at the same time, like synchronously or asynchronously? Maybe synchrony,

Unknown Speaker  6:15  
it's open. So let's say,

Unknown Speaker  6:18  
I mean, the most common way is like to see people's vlog right after, but that's rather like an asynchronous way. People saying experiences within that gallery. They may feel the same through the narration in the video, or just through the images footage, showing the video asynchronous way. But I had a interesting idea,

Unknown Speaker  6:42  
because I

Unknown Speaker  6:44  
used to see this kind of artifact product. It's a ring that monitors the heartbeat of two people. So it's a pair of rings, so Person A wearing a ring can feel the heartbeat of Person B, who is wearing another ring, and then vice versa. So if you're in this, those kind of rings and visiting the galleries, and you feel that, you sense the change of that bit. You definitely can feel the emotion changes of the other person. So you wear that ring where you watch the whole place. I mean, that's what I wanted to do, right? I mean, I saw the kind of rings existed, but I just haven't purchased it. So that's something I can think of if you want to do some synchronized, synchronous

Unknown Speaker  7:28  
motion sharing among people, yeah, and that's very vivid, right? Filling up the other person's heartbeat. Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  7:38  
thank you. That's really insightful.

Unknown Speaker  7:42  
Wow.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
