Unknown 0:02
Hi, my name is Prisha, can you and I'm a student masters art master student at UQ. Would you like to introduce yourself to me?

Unknown 0:12
Yeah, hi, it's Malika from India.

Unknown 0:17
You can just say you're my cousin from India,

Unknown 0:21
yeah, won't that be informal?

Unknown 0:24
No, no, no, not that much informal. We it. We every it was already known that we won't take it off our friends and family. So, yeah, okay, okay, so I would like to tell you that we are making a project in which, whenever you go to any museum or art gallery, and you see a picture or an art or maybe like, like anything in the museum, so what you feel at that moment, just text it to us, like you can just write it, or you can use emojis or anything, and we'll take those and we'll form a 32nd music video, kind like music for you, which you can hear with it. So that is, what is our aim and our project. So I have a few questions regarding that. So when was the last time you visited an art gallery and tell me about it?

Unknown 1:22
The last time I visited the art gallery, I remember it was in 2024 and something I loved the most was this, the collection of the vibrant colors and the story that the pictures were displaying. Okay,

Unknown 1:37
tell me a Tell me about a time when you experience some emotional connection during your visit in the art gallery.

Unknown 1:45
It happens pretty often with me, wherein I connect myself to the pictures that are depicted there. The colors. I'll talk personally about color blue. It is something that always and always attracts my mind to that color, because I believe that blue is my color.

Unknown 2:05
What is the best and the worst social experience that you remember having in an art gallery?

Unknown 2:12
The best is the collection of the arts I get to see there, and worse, I still is yet to come.

Unknown 2:18
Okay? When was the last time you shared your opinion experience on the artwork with someone

Unknown 2:28
back in 2024 with the group that I visited that art museum with?

Unknown 2:33
Okay, can you tell me more about it, like, what opinion Did you share and what it was?

Unknown 2:40
It was basically about those beautiful art forms wherein I came across. It was the art gallery that I stayed was focusing on the Indian traditional folk arts. So I was so mesmerized to see the different art forms I came to, know, you know, considered in Madhubani art forms. It is something that I still remember. So my opinion and my discussion about my visit to art gallery in 2024 was way more optimistic and on a happier site. Okay, and

Unknown 3:16
how do you feel when you hear or see what other people think and feel about the same artwork you're looking at, like, where and how do you hear or see them?

Unknown 3:27
Yeah, because I believe we all are individuals and we have different perceptions. Okay,

Unknown 3:39
so like, if you share like your views with them, would you like to connect with them?

Unknown 3:46
Yes, if they feel the same as me, okay? If you then definitely, yeah, okay.

Unknown 3:52
If you could imagine any way for people to connect and share emotion with each other in an art gallery, what would it be,

Unknown 4:01
any way, yeah, to be honest, it would be like sitting staring at a picture, pouring in an initial thought, and then just taking it ahead so that the the person and I like, we're individuals, and we come together and figure out different perspectives of that particular art form that we both are looking at, but from different perspectives or different you can say understandings Okay,

Unknown 4:34
that's all. Thank you so much for the interview. But also give one last question was that, what is your thought on AI's influence on artwork.

Unknown 4:44
AI's influence on artwork. I believe AI lacks in emotions, and the kindness that a heart holds, the emotiveness that we have in humans, is something that AI want to justice to.

Unknown 5:01
Okay, great. Thank you so much for the interview. You're welcome. Bye.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai