Speaker 2 0:02
can you tell me like, When is the last time you visit an art gallery and tell me more about it.

Unknown 0:09
The last time I visited Art Gallery was about two or three weeks ago, and I went to a modern art gallery, and they have lots of modern art. Most impressive one, it was a huge, massive lady was lying on a bed. She had a, I don't know, sad face or, like everyone have their own opinions for the face. And that one was really, really impressive, because I asked all of my friends, they have lots of different opinions. I guess that's like people, different people would think the thing different about one art.

Unknown 1:04
So how do you feel like when you hear or see what other people think about the same artwork you are looking at, and where and how do you hear or see them?

Unknown 1:18
I think it's quite common that people have different opinion about one the same art pieces. Because I think that really depends on how the people how was the people's emotion at that moment when they see the art? So if a different views and all the people have different experience for the life, so it would, it will be really like, it will make people think different about art.

Unknown 1:54
So how do you feel like when you hear different opinions?

Speaker 1 1:58
I feel I'm

Unknown 2:01
quite acceptable for all the different opinions, because I know some of the people have different genders, different ages and different experience. When they see the same art, they will feel what they feel at the moment, probably when they see the next time they will have different feel about the same art. So I feel quite acceptable for all the different

Unknown 2:30
opinions. Also, can you tell me about the time when you experience some emotional connection during your visit in an art gallery?

Unknown 2:40
Actually, when I see

Unknown 2:46
the most

Unknown 2:48
emotional connection I feel

Unknown 2:51
is when I was doing

Unknown 2:56
a the like the art the craft

Unknown 3:00
part in the art show,

Unknown 3:04
for example, they have a stickers area so people can hold different like, lots of stickers can stick in the White House. But when I arrived, it's already full of stickers, like, lots of different colors, different sizes. And then people can make different shape. I can feel all the people's CReality through the art show. And then I can feel like when I saw someone making some like, maybe tidy base with some stickers. I feel, Oh, maybe the people are so, so cute when they see the stickers with sometimes I see people can will make a bridge. I can feel, maybe the people need some more connections. Feel more connections with the art. So that's the most emotional connection I feel.

Unknown 4:05
So can you tell me about what was the like, worst social experience that you remember having in art gallery?

Unknown 4:14
The worst part,

Unknown 4:18
it's hard to say I was just focusing on what I'm doing, what I'm looking maybe I need some more directions about all the arts like these. Whole part is I don't need some more detailed actually, sometimes it's like too much, too many details about art. Maybe I think can remove some of the details. All I have to know is, like, the name of the artist,

Unknown 4:57
and what is this area about?

Unknown 5:02
Yeah, I couldn't

Unknown 5:03
say any like work worse experience about that,

Unknown 5:07
yeah, okay, when was the last time you shared your opinion or experience on the same artwork with someone else?

Unknown 5:14
I think is the it's during. The last time I shared my opinion is, is during, when I during I visit the art gallery with my friends together, and I think the last conversation about the art is when we work out the art gallery. But when we work out for five minutes, we just talk about something else.

Unknown 5:41
And if you could imagine any way for people to connect or share emotions with each other or with the artwork in an art gallery, what would that be like?

Unknown 5:54
Sorry, can you if

Unknown 5:55
you could imagine like any way for people to connect or share emotions with someone else or with the artwork. What would that be like?

Unknown 6:07
I think through language, through while talking, sometimes the last time I say when I introduced people about the art gallery, or when I talked about the art, like, what, what I recently do is the way that I talk with other people, Zan, share my opinions, Maybe, and and also when I see the same art with other people, I want to know how people think about that one, because all I know is like, as I mentioned before, people will have different opinions. I want to know how they look is they, are they thinking the same way with me, or they think in a different way with me? About and same about the same art pieces? So sometimes I will say, Oh, this one, this opinion is really interesting. Oh, that one. I never thought about it, something like that. Yeah, thank you. I.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai